README.md, before:

# Brain and Cognitive Society Online Workshop Apr '20

This repository contains all the lectures and workshop materials for the workshop conducted during March-April 2020. The goal of this workshop is to teach the basics of different technical skills needed for studying brain science to reverse engineer human brain/intelligence to create more general and intelligent AI's for the future world. It covers a range of topics, including:
* Basic Machine Learning
* Computational Modeling
* Psychophysics, Data Analysis and Experiment Design

The lectures and workshop materials are a combination of links to different online resources plus some additional materials created by [Brain and Cognitive Society, IIT Kanpur](https://bcs-iitk.github.io/). Assignments were created by [Brain and Cognitive Society, IIT Kanpur](https://bcs-iitk.github.io/).

The complete schedule of the workshop is [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTFknqDgVMKTFt8_aUp14bFlYO5cqHk8OfbkQ6xIaulwXtF2w5GUI8-2R3UrmiIUJZuAG-hfJKI0ULs/pubhtml?gid=0&single=true)

## Lecture Materials and Resources:

| Topics | Links |
| ------ | ------ |
| Basic Python | [LINK](Python_Tutorial/Readme.md) |
| Machine Learning | [LINK](Machine_Learning/Readme.md) |
| Computational Modeling | [LINK](Computational_Modeling/Readme.md) |
| Psychophysics | [LINK](Psychophysics/Readme.md) |

## References to Lecture Materials and Resources:
* [Machine Learning Zero to Hero by Laurence Moroney](https://github.com/lmoroney/dlaicourse)
* [MIT 6.S191 Introduction to Deep Learning](http://introtodeeplearning.com/)
* [BRAINS, MINDS & MACHINES SUMMER COURSE](https://cbmm.mit.edu/summer-school/2018)
* [Deeplearning.ai](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcIXc5mJsHVYTZR1maL5l9w)
* [Simplilearn](https://www.youtube.com/user/Simplilearn)
* [Introduction to Machine Learning CS771A Autumn 2018](https://www.cse.iitk.ac.in/users/piyush/courses/ml_autumn18/index.html)
* [Engage Wiki](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSaU-C63jLqgXq9Xg3YyM2A)
* [Practical Psychology](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCir93b_ftqInEaDpsWYbo_g)
* [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/)
* [Neuronal Dynamics](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClmOXGbekg0comtuh0d8Oaw)
* [PsyToolkit](https://www.psytoolkit.org/lessons/)

## License
Licensed under MIT license. Please reference this github repo if used any of the assignment or lecture material created by Brain and Cognitive Society, IIT Kanpur

Commit message:

Assignment Completed
Wrapped up the assignment and updated the fork with necessary items

README.md, after:

# BCS Online Workshop Apr 2020

This is the fork of the workshop repoisotry and contains the overall assignment as performed by me (Debaditya Bhattacharya). The analysis of the final project can be found [here](Psychophysics\Assignment\VisualSearchExperimentAnalysis190254.pdf)

 LEGACY!
    |
    |
    |
    V
# Brain and Cognitive Society Online Workshop Apr '20

This repository contains all the lectures and workshop materials for the workshop conducted during March-April 2020. The goal of this workshop is to teach the basics of different technical skills needed for studying brain science to reverse engineer human brain/intelligence to create more general and intelligent AI's for the future world. It covers a range of topics, including:
* Basic Machine Learning
* Computational Modeling
* Psychophysics, Data Analysis and Experiment Design

The lectures and workshop materials are a combination of links to different online resources plus some additional materials created by [Brain and Cognitive Society, IIT Kanpur](https://bcs-iitk.github.io/). Assignments were created by [Brain and Cognitive Society, IIT Kanpur](https://bcs-iitk.github.io/).

The complete schedule of the workshop is [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTFknqDgVMKTFt8_aUp14bFlYO5cqHk8OfbkQ6xIaulwXtF2w5GUI8-2R3UrmiIUJZuAG-hfJKI0ULs/pubhtml?gid=0&single=true)

## Lecture Materials and Resources:

| Topics | Links |
| ------ | ------ |
| Basic Python | [LINK](Python_Tutorial/Readme.md) |
| Machine Learning | [LINK](Machine_Learning/Readme.md) |
| Computational Modeling | [LINK](Computational_Modeling/Readme.md) |
| Psychophysics | [LINK](Psychophysics/Readme.md) |

## References to Lecture Materials and Resources:
* [Machine Learning Zero to Hero by Laurence Moroney](https://github.com/lmoroney/dlaicourse)
* [MIT 6.S191 Introduction to Deep Learning](http://introtodeeplearning.com/)
* [BRAINS, MINDS & MACHINES SUMMER COURSE](https://cbmm.mit.edu/summer-school/2018)
* [Deeplearning.ai](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcIXc5mJsHVYTZR1maL5l9w)
* [Simplilearn](https://www.youtube.com/user/Simplilearn)
* [Introduction to Machine Learning CS771A Autumn 2018](https://www.cse.iitk.ac.in/users/piyush/courses/ml_autumn18/index.html)
* [Engage Wiki](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSaU-C63jLqgXq9Xg3YyM2A)
* [Practical Psychology](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCir93b_ftqInEaDpsWYbo_g)
* [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/)
* [Neuronal Dynamics](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClmOXGbekg0comtuh0d8Oaw)
* [PsyToolkit](https://www.psytoolkit.org/lessons/)

## License
Licensed under MIT license. Please reference this github repo if used any of the assignment or lecture material created by Brain and Cognitive Society, IIT Kanpur
